net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/core/CoreInsnExecutor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.core.CoreInsnExecutor
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/ASMMethodProxy.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.ASMMethodProxy
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.ASMMethodProxy$MethodProxyBuilder
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeMixinPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeMixinPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/RegistryPool.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.RegistryPool
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.RegistryPool$PoolQueue
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.RegistryPool$PoolQueue$PoolNode
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.RegistryPool$PoolQueue$ProxiedPoolNode
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreOpcodePatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreOpcodePatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreMixinPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreMixinPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeOverwritePatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeOverwritePatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreBIPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreBIPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreABPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreABPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/ContextPoolManager.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.ContextPoolManager
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/MixinMetaData.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.MixinMetaData
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/ExternalLibRegistryPool.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.ExternalLibRegistryPool
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/InsnAdapter.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.InsnAdapter
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/MixinPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.MixinPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/ASMInstruction.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.ASMInstruction
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/TreeMixinCV.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.TreeMixinCV
net/yakclient/mixin/YakMixins.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.YakMixins
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/ProxyClassLoader.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.ProxyClassLoader
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/CoreMixinCV.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.CoreMixinCV
net/yakclient/mixin/api/Injection.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.Injection
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/adapter/MethodSelfInsnAdapter.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.adapter.MethodSelfInsnAdapter
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/ASMInsnInterceptor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.ASMInsnInterceptor
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeBIPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeBIPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/MixinRegistryPool.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.MixinRegistryPool
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/Location.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.Location
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeBRPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeBRPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/QualifiedMethodLocation.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.QualifiedMethodLocation
net/yakclient/mixin/api/Shadow.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.Shadow
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/tree/TreeInsnExecutor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.tree.TreeInsnExecutor
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/PackageTarget.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.PackageTarget
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/MethodModifier.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.MethodModifier
net/yakclient/mixin/api/versionadapter/VersionManager.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.VersionManager
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.VersionManager$VersionState
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/ProxyASMInsnInterceptor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.ProxyASMInsnInterceptor
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/SuppliedFuture.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.SuppliedFuture
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/InstructionPrinter.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.InstructionPrinter
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.InstructionPrinter$1
net/yakclient/mixin/api/versionadapter/CollatedVMapping.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.CollatedVMapping
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/FunctionalProxy.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.FunctionalProxy
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.FunctionalProxy$ProxyResponseData
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.FunctionalProxy$ProxyResponseData$Builder
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/MixinSource.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.MixinSource
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.MixinSource$MixinProxySource
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/ByteCodeUtils.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.ByteCodeUtils
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/MixinRegistry.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.MixinRegistry
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/ClassTarget.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.ClassTarget
net/yakclient/mixin/api/Priority.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.Priority
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreBRPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreBRPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/adapter/ReturnRemoverInsnAdapter.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.adapter.ReturnRemoverInsnAdapter
net/yakclient/mixin/api/versionadapter/VersionMapping.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.VersionMapping
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.VersionMapping$MappingsBuilder
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.VersionMapping$MappingsBuilder$VersionsBuilder
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/YakMixinsInternal.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.YakMixinsInternal
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.YakMixinsInternal$TreeMixinPatternMatcherBuilder
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeBEPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeBEPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/ContextPool.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.ContextPool
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/adapter/FieldSelfInsnAdapter.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.adapter.FieldSelfInsnAdapter
net/yakclient/mixin/api/versionadapter/ClassVersion.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.ClassVersion
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.ClassVersion$ClassVersionBuilder
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.ClassVersion$ClassVersionBuilder$1
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.ClassVersion$ClassVersionBuilder$2
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.versionadapter.ClassVersion$ClassVersionBuilder$ClassValueBuilder
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreOverwritePatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreOverwritePatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/QualifiedInstruction.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.QualifiedInstruction
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/MixinDestination.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.MixinDestination
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.MixinDestination$MixinDestBuilder
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/MethodLocation.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.MethodLocation
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/TargetClassLoader.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.TargetClassLoader
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/RegistryConfigurator.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.RegistryConfigurator
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.RegistryConfigurator$Configuration
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.RegistryConfigurator$DefaultConfiguration
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.RegistryConfigurator$FunctionalConfiguration
net/yakclient/mixin/api/InjectionType.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.InjectionType
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/InstructionClassVisitor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.InstructionClassVisitor
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/MethodProxyAdapter.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.MethodProxyAdapter
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/InstructionExecutor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.InstructionExecutor
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/proxy/MixinProxyManager.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.proxy.MixinProxyManager
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/Context.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.Context
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/PriorityMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.PriorityMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeABPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeABPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/loader/DynamicContextPool.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.loader.DynamicContextPool
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/ASMType.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.ASMType
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/MixinCV.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.MixinCV
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/core/CoreBEPatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.core.CoreBEPatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/ClassLocation.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.ClassLocation
net/yakclient/mixin/registry/pool/ExternalLibLocation.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.registry.pool.ExternalLibLocation
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/bytecode/BytecodeMethodModifier.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.bytecode.BytecodeMethodModifier
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/methodadapter/tree/TreeOpcodePatternMatcher.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.methodadapter.tree.TreeOpcodePatternMatcher
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/InstructionInterceptor.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.InstructionInterceptor
net/yakclient/mixin/internal/instruction/Instruction.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.internal.instruction.Instruction
net/yakclient/mixin/api/Mixer.java
 net.yakclient.mixin.api.Mixer
